2BUA8C4S2C.com.agilebits, 
2BUA8C4S2C.com.agilebits.onepassword7-helper, 
ContextStoreAgent, 
MobileMeAccounts, 
UBF8T346G9.OneDriveStandaloneSuite, 
ZoomChat, 
com.TickTick.task.mac, 
com.agilebits.onepassword7, 
com.agilebits.onepassword7.1PasswordSafariAppExtension, 
com.airwatch.mac.agent, 
com.apple.AMPLibraryAgent, 
com.apple.Accessibility, 
com.apple.AdLib, 
com.apple.AddressBook, 
com.apple.AppStore, 
com.apple.AppleMediaServices,
com.apple.AppleMediaServices.notbackedup, 
com.apple.AppleMultitouchMouse, 
com.apple.AppleMultitouchTrackpad, 
com.apple.AvatarUI.Staryu, 
com.apple.BKAgentService, 
com.apple.BezelServices, 
com.apple.CalendarAgent, 
com.apple.CallHistorySyncHelper, 
com.apple.CloudKit, 
com.apple.CommCenter.counts, 
com.apple.CoreGraphics, 
com.apple.DataDeliveryServices, 
com.apple.DiagnosticExtensions.extensionTracker, 
com.apple.DictionaryServices, 
com.apple.EmojiCache, 
com.apple.EmojiPreferences, 
com.apple.FolderActionsDispatcher, 
com.apple.FontRegistry.user, 
com.apple.GEO, 
com.apple.HIToolbox, 
com.apple.MCX, 
com.apple.Maps, 
com.apple.MobileSMS, 
com.apple.Music, 
com.apple.Music.eq, 
com.apple.Photos, 
com.apple.Preferences, 
com.apple.Preview, 
com.apple.Preview.ViewState, 
com.apple.QuickTimePlayerX, 
com.apple.Safari, 
com.apple.Safari.SafeBrowsing, 
com.apple.Safari.SandboxBroker, 
com.apple.SafariBookmarksSyncAgent, 
com.apple.ScreenTimeAgent, 
com.apple.ServicesMenu.Services, 
com.apple.SetupAssistant, 
com.apple.SocialPushAgent, 
com.apple.SoftwareUpdate, 
com.apple.Spotlight, 
com.apple.TTY, 
com.apple.TV, 
com.apple.TelephonyUtilities, 
com.apple.Terminal, 
com.apple.TextInputMenu, 
com.apple.TextInputMenuAgent, 
com.apple.UserAccountUpdater, 
com.apple.accessibility.heard, 
com.apple.accessibility.universalAccessAuthWarn, 
com.apple.accounts, 
com.apple.accountsd, 
com.apple.amp.mediasharingd, 
com.apple.amsaccountsd, 
com.apple.amsengagementd, 
com.apple.animoji, 
com.apple.ap.adprivacyd, 
com.apple.appstored, 
com.apple.assistant, 
com.apple.assistant.backedup, 
com.apple.assistant.support, 
com.apple.assistantd, 
com.apple.bird, 
com.apple.bookstoreagent, 
com.apple.calculateframework, 
com.apple.camera, 
com.apple.classroom, 
com.apple.cloudd, 
com.apple.cloudpaird, 
com.apple.cloudphotod, 
com.apple.cmfsyncagent, 
com.apple.commcenter, 
com.apple.commcenter.callservices, 
com.apple.commcenter.data, 
com.apple.commerce, 
com.apple.commerce.configurator, 
com.apple.commerce.knownclients, 
com.apple.configurationprofiles.user, 
com.apple.contacts.donation-agent, 
com.apple.controlcenter, 

com.apple.controlstrip, 

com.apple.coreauthd, 
com.apple.corerecents.recentsd, com.apple.coreservices.UASharedPasteboardProgressUI, com.apple.coreservices.uiagent, com.apple.coreservices.useractivityd, com.apple.coreservices.useractivityd.dynamicuseractivites, 
com.apple.corespotlightui, com.apple.dock, com.apple.dock.extra, com.apple.driver.AppleBluetoothMultitouch.mouse, com.apple.driver.AppleBluetoothMultitouch.trackpad, com.apple.driver.AppleHIDMouse, 
com.apple.facetime.bag, com.apple.fileproviderd, com.apple.finder, com.apple.findmy, com.apple.findmy.fmfcore.notbackedup, com.apple.findmy.fmipcore.notbackedup, com.apple.gamecenter, com.apple.gamed, 
com.apple.homed, com.apple.homed.notbackedup, com.apple.iCal, com.apple.iChat, com.apple.icloud.fmfd, com.apple.icloud.fmfd.notbackedup, com.apple.icloud.searchpartyuseragent, com.apple.identityservices.idstatuscache, 
com.apple.identityservicesd, com.apple.ids.deviceproperties, com.apple.ids.subservices, com.apple.imagecapture, com.apple.imagent, com.apple.imdpersistence.IMDPersistenceAgent, com.apple.imessage, 
com.apple.imessage.bag, com.apple.imservice.ids.FaceTime, com.apple.imservice.ids.iMessage, com.apple.internal.ck, com.apple.ipTelephony, com.apple.itunescloud, com.apple.itunescloud.daemon, com.apple.itunesstored, 
com.apple.java.util.prefs, com.apple.keyboardservicesd, com.apple.locationmenu, com.apple.loginwindow, com.apple.madrid, com.apple.mediaanalysisd, 

com.apple.menuextra.clock, 
com.apple.menuextra.textinput, 

com.apple.messages.nicknames, com.apple.mmcs, com.apple.mobiletimer, com.apple.ncplugin.stocks, com.apple.ncplugin.weather, com.apple.ncprefs, com.apple.notificationcenterui, com.apple.parsecd, com.apple.passd, 
com.apple.photoanalysisd, com.apple.photolibraryd, com.apple.photos.shareddefaults, com.apple.preference.general, com.apple.preferences.extensions.CredentialProvider, 
com.apple.preferences.extensions.PhotoEditing, com.apple.preferences.extensions.PhotoProjects, com.apple.preferences.extensions.QuickLook, com.apple.preferences.extensions.ServicesWithUI, 
com.apple.preferences.extensions.ShareMenu, com.apple.preferences.extensions.XcodeSourceEditor, com.apple.preferences.softwareupdate, com.apple.proactive.PersonalizationPortrait, 
com.apple.protectedcloudstorage.protectedcloudkeysyncing, com.apple.quicklook.QuickLookUIService, com.apple.quicklook.ThumbnailsAgent, com.apple.rapport, com.apple.registration, com.apple.remindd, 
com.apple.remindd.babysitter, com.apple.routined, com.apple.scheduler, com.apple.screencapture, com.apple.screencaptureui, com.apple.screensaver, com.apple.scriptmenu, com.apple.security.KCN, 
com.apple.security.cloudkeychainproxy3.keysToRegister, com.apple.security.ctkd-db, com.apple.security.sosaccount, com.apple.sharingd, com.apple.siri.context.service, com.apple.siri.media-indexer, com.apple.spaces, 
com.apple.speakerrecognition, com.apple.stockholm, com.apple.stocks, com.apple.stocks.account, com.apple.stocks.detailintents, com.apple.stocks.widget, com.apple.stocks2, com.apple.storeagent, com.apple.studentd, 
com.apple.suggestd, com.apple.suggestions, com.apple.symbolichotkeys, com.apple.syncdefaultsd, com.apple.systempreferences, 
com.apple.systemuiserver, com.apple.talagent, com.apple.textInput.keyboardServices.textReplacement, com.apple.tourist, com.apple.touristd, com.apple.translationd, com.apple.triald, com.apple.universalaccess, 
com.apple.universalaccessAuthWarning, com.apple.weather.internal, com.apple.xpc.activity2, com.backup42.desktop, com.docker.docker, com.duckduckgo.macos.PrivacyEssentials.SafariAppExtension, 
com.electron.docker-frontend, com.f-secure.fsmac.gui, com.f-secure.fsmac.gui-main-window, com.google.Chrome, com.google.Keystone.Agent, com.googlecode.iterm2, com.googlecode.iterm2.private, com.if.Amphetamine, 
com.jetbrains.intellij, com.microsoft.OneDriveStandaloneUpdater, com.microsoft.OneDriveUpdater, com.microsoft.Powerpoint, com.microsoft.Powerpoint.securebookmarks, com.microsoft.VSCode, com.microsoft.VSCodeInsiders, 
com.microsoft.Word, com.microsoft.Word.securebookmarks, com.microsoft.autoupdate.fba, com.microsoft.autoupdate2, com.microsoft.cascade.launcher.mac, com.microsoft.office, com.microsoft.shared, 
com.runningwithcrayons.Alfred, com.runningwithcrayons.Alfred-Preferences, com.spotify.client, com.tinyspeck.slackmacgap, com.vmware.hub.mac, jetbrains.jetprofile.asset, knowledge-agent, loginwindow, mbuseragent, 
net.tunnelblick.tunnelblick, org.jcef.jcef.helper.renderer, pbs, ru.keepcoder.Telegram, systemgroup.com.apple.icloud.searchpartyd.sharedsettings, us.zoom.xos
